internal/README.md, before:

# Integration test package for Node FDK
The internal integration test package for Node FDK helps to build
test images of functions and pushes them to OCIR.

## Overview of the integration test package folders

-   internal/build-scripts - Contains build scripts to build the following:
    -   fdk node npm package. It is a tarball file in the format of fnproject-fdk-*.tar.gz
    -   Base images for fdk build and runtime
    -   Build and push test function images to OCIR.
-   internal/docker_files - Contains dockerfiles to support the building of node runtime images
    needed for execution of unit tests and building fdk node npm package.
-   internal/images - Contains dockerfiles to support the building of base fdk build and runtime images.    
-   internal/tests-images - Contains source code of test functions for different node runtime versions.
-   internal/cache_node_images - This script pulls node images from docker hub and caches them in artifactory.


## Steps to generate the test function images and push them to OCIR

-   Setup below environment variables
    ```sh
    export BUILD_VERSION=1.0.0-SNAPSHOT
    export OCIR_PASSWORD=''
    export OCIR_USERNAME=bmc_operator_access/<guid>
    export OCIR_REGION=<airport_code>.ocir.io
    export OCIR_LOC=<tenancy_name>/<repo>
    
    Example -
    export BUILD_VERSION=1.0.0-SNAPSHOT
    export OCIR_PASSWORD=''
    export OCIR_USERNAME=bmc_operator_access/<guid>
    export OCIR_REGION="iad.ocir.io"
    export OCIR_LOC="oraclefunctionsdevelopm/fdk-test-functions"
    ```
-   Run the script to build all the artifacts and test images.
    ```sh
    ./internal/build-scripts/orchestrator.sh
    ```

## Cache node docker images in artifactory
-   Since artifactory functions as a caching proxy for DockerHub, any image pulled from dockerhub will be cached in artifactory.
    The cached images will be removed as part of cleanup if not downloaded again within a particular time frame. 
    Hence, one may encounter rate limiting issue while accessing the node docker images. 
    -   To resolve the rate limiting issue, execute below script locally
        ```sh
        ./internal/cache_node_images.sh
        ```

Commit message:

Add release scripts for fdk node release pipeline

internal/README.md, after:

# Integration test package for Node FDK
The internal integration test package for Node FDK helps to build
test images of functions and pushes them to OCIR.

## Overview of the integration test package folders

-   internal/build-scripts - Contains build scripts to build the following:
    -   fdk node npm package. It is a tarball file in the format of fnproject-fdk-*.tar.gz
    -   Base images for fdk build and runtime
    -   Build and push test function images to OCIR.
-   internal/docker_files - Contains dockerfiles to support the building of node runtime images for following
    -   Execution of unit tests
    -   Building fdk node npm package
    -   Update npm version of fdk node package for release
-   internal/images - Contains dockerfiles to support the building of base fdk build and runtime images.    
-   internal/tests-images - Contains source code of test functions for different node runtime versions.
-   internal/cache_node_images - This script pulls node images from docker hub and caches them in artifactory.
-   internal/release - Contains scripts to support version update of fdk node package and release docker artifacts to remote repository.


## Steps to generate the test function images and push them to OCIR

-   Setup below environment variables
    ```sh
    export BUILD_VERSION=1.0.0-SNAPSHOT
    export OCIR_PASSWORD=''
    export OCIR_USERNAME=bmc_operator_access/<guid>
    export OCIR_REGION=<airport_code>.ocir.io
    export OCIR_LOC=<tenancy_name>/<repo>
    
    Example -
    export BUILD_VERSION=1.0.0-SNAPSHOT
    export OCIR_PASSWORD=''
    export OCIR_USERNAME=bmc_operator_access/<guid>
    export OCIR_REGION="iad.ocir.io"
    export OCIR_LOC="oraclefunctionsdevelopm/fdk-test-functions"
    ```
-   Run the script to build all the artifacts and test images.
    ```sh
    ./internal/build-scripts/orchestrator.sh
    ```

## Cache node docker images in artifactory
-   Since artifactory functions as a caching proxy for DockerHub, any image pulled from dockerhub will be cached in artifactory.
    The cached images will be removed as part of cleanup if not downloaded again within a particular time frame. 
    Hence, one may encounter rate limiting issue while accessing the node docker images. 
    -   To resolve the rate limiting issue, execute below script locally
        ```sh
        ./internal/cache_node_images.sh
        ```
